Added classes.md in the kotlin folder (#1421)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/classes/classes.md

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Classes'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Constructors'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'OOP'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

In Kotlin **classes** are a blueprint for creating objects. They can contain properties (data) and functions (behavior).

## Syntax

```pseudo
fun main(){
    class ClassName {
    // properties
    // functions
    }
}
```

Here are some rules for defining classes in Kotlin:

- The name of a class should start with a capital letter and should be a noun (e.g. Dog, Person, BankAccount).
- A class can have properties (data) and functions (behavior).
- Properties and functions of a class can be made public (accessible from anywhere) or private (accessible only within the class). By default, they are public in Kotlin.
- A class can have a primary constructor and/or one or more secondary constructors. The primary constructor is defined in the class header, and the secondary constructors are defined using the `constructor` keyword.

> - A class can have an `open`, `abstract`, `sealed`, or `final` modifier. The `open` modifier allows the class to be subclassed, the `abstract` modifier allows the class to have abstract (unimplemented) functions, the `sealed` modifier allows the class to have subclasses, but only in the same file, and the `final` modifier prevents the class from being subclassed.

Reviewer: Is it possible to label where the modifier goes in the syntax? Perhaps label the position in the syntax as `<modifier>`. And mention here that modifiers are optional.

Reviewer 2: Agree with mentioning where it goes in the syntax. While I don't see a problem with the modifiers being here, I agree that there should be a Kotlin entry on inheritance.

Reviewer: Ok, we'll leave the modifiers here and just add where the modifiers would be written in the syntax. 

Also, I'll open up an issue for a Kotlin entry on inheritance. 

cc @dakshdeepHERE

- A class can have an `inner`, `nested`, or `static` nested modifier. The `inner` modifier allows the class to access the members of the outer class, the `nested` modifier allows the class to be a `static` nested class, and the `static` nested modifier allows the class to be a static nested class and access only static members of the outer class.
- A class can have a companion object, which is a singleton object associated with the class.
- A class can extend one or more superclasses and implement one or more interfaces.
- A class can override and/or overload functions and properties of its superclass and/or interfaces.

## Examples

```kotlin
class Dog {
    var name: String = ""
    var breed: String = ""
    var age: Int = 0

    fun bark() {
        println("Woof!")
        }
    }
}
```

> To create an object of this class, the `new` keyword can be used, or the more concise `constructor` syntax:

Reviewer: I don't think Kotlin has a `new` keyword, can you please re-check this?

Author: yes correct its there in java. So I will remove the `new` keyword and continue with the `constructor`

```kotlin
val myDog = Dog()

> val myDog = Dog("Fido", "Labrador", 3)

Reviewer: I believe this line works with the primary constructor you have below. It seems a little confusing having it here.
```suggestion
```

```

Properties and functions of the object can be accessed using the dot notation:

> ```kotlin

Reviewer: Can we combine this code snippet with the one at line 62 and add the main function? Move line 65 to be with 58.

myDog.name = "Fido"
myDog.breed = "Labrador"
myDog.age = 3
myDog.bark()
```

A primary constructor can also be defined in the class header:

```kotlin
class Dog(var name: String, var breed: String, var age: Int) {
    fun bark() {
        println("Woof!")
    }
}

> 

Reviewer: Add the main function

val myDog = Dog("Fido", "Labrador", 3)
```

This eliminates the need to define default values for the properties and allows the creation of objects of the class using the concise `constructor` syntax shown above.

Secondary constructors can also be defined in a class by using the `constructor` keyword:

```kotlin
class Dog {
    var name: String
    var breed: String
    var age: Int

    constructor(name: String, breed: String, age: Int) {
        this.name = name
        this.breed = breed
        this.age = age
    }

    constructor(name: String, breed: String) {
        this.name = name
        this.breed = breed
        this.age = 0
    }

    fun bark() {
        println("Woof!")
    }
}

> 

Reviewer: Again add main function

- A class can extend one or more superclasses and implement one or more interfaces.
- A class can override and/or overload functions and properties of its superclass and/or interfaces.

Here is a example of simple Kotlin class:

```kotlin
class Dog {
    var name: String = ""
    var breed: String = ""
    var age: Int = 0

    fun bark() {
        println("Woof!")
        }
    }
}
```

To create an object of this class, you can use the new keyword or the more concise `constructor` syntax like this:

```kotlin
val myDog = Dog()
val myDog = Dog("Fido", "Labrador", 3)
```

You can access the properties and functions of the object using the dot notation:

```kotlin
myDog.name = "Fido"
myDog.breed = "Labrador"
myDog.age = 3
myDog.bark()
```

You can also define a primary constructor in class header:

```kotlin
class Dog(var name: String, var breed: String, var age: Int) {
    fun bark() {
        println("Woof!")
    }
}

val myDog = Dog("Fido", "Labrador", 3)
```

This eliminates the need to define default values for the properties and allows you to create objects of the class using the concise `constructor` syntax shown above.

> You can also define secondary constructors in a class by using the `constructor` keyword:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Secondary constructors can also be defined in a class by using the `constructor` keyword:
```

```kotlin
class Dog {
    var name: String
    var breed: String
    var age: Int

    constructor(name: String, breed: String, age: Int) {
        this.name = name
        this.breed = breed
        this.age = age
    }

    constructor(name: String, breed: String) {
        this.name = name
        this.breed = breed
        this.age = 0
    }

    fun bark() {
        println("Woof!")
    }
}

val myDog = Dog("Fido", "Labrador", 3)
val myPuppy = Dog("Buddy", "Golden Retriever")
```

> This allows you to create objects of the class using different sets of arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows the creation of objects of the class using different sets of arguments.
```
